hello friends and followed by youtube I am
Conical and today as you can see you
I bring a boxing of 4 envelopes of the
official collection of FC cards
barcelona of the 2013-2014 season what
justito have just come out I think I'm the
first youtube user that will do
a boxing
of these envelopes that you see
they are the four practically equal
as usual in this
appearance the envelopes are the same no
there are different players in none of
they
you see them
the players that come out then neymar
Messi is fine and if she is iniesta sorry
piqué and cesc fabregas their price are of
60 cents like all the envelopes of
panini here in Spain
and the blister with the album and four
envelopes worth 350 so let's open them
the four envelopes let's start with the
First
puyol a bright
here a double double image chrome
pique and puyol
alexis
Sergio Busquets
and a part of the chromium in puyol action
we go there with the following
a double chrome from messi and neymar
one of the parties of afellay chrome
a part of one of the biggest in
six parts
another part of it
one to dig depedro we go with the
third about
Victor Victor, who unfortunately
loses what's left of the season and the
world
and be able to read a lot of encouragement to be
get better soon
a double chrome
fifth
a part of the chrome of factories in
action the autograph by alex song
the chrome of marc bartra and we are going to
to finish with the last envelope
another bright one of the parts of
of the photo of team officer
with the second kit
álex are one of the parties
6 fabregas
and Adrian's autograph the other
in this case again he painted oier and the
two special stickers that have come out
puyol but I do want
and one of the parties
of an official photo of a match with the
second kit
this has been the four envelopes of the
collection of cards of FC Barcelona
this season I hope you have
liked and that you see me the following is
thank you very much, see you later